K8SPXC-308 update operator options doc (#929)
percona/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator: source/operator.rst

+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                                                                             |

> +-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Reviewer: We are not adding other options to operator.rst ? Like spec.pxc.replicationChannels. Or they are in another PR?

|                                                                                                             |
+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                 | .. _pxc-expose-type:                                                                      |
|                 |                                                                                           |
| **Key**         | `pxc.expose.type <operator.html#pxc-expose-type>`_                                        |
+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **Value Type**  | string                                                                                    |
+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **Example**     | ``LoadBalancer``                                                                          |
+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | **Description** | The `IP address type <https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/    |
> |                 | #publishing-services-service-types>`_ to be exposed                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Description** | The `Kubernetes Service Type <https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/    |
|                 | #publishing-services-service-types>`_ used for exposure                                       |
```

|                 |                                                                                           |
| **Key**         | `pxc.expose.annotations.networking.gke.io/load-balancer-type                              |
|                 | <operator.html#pxc-expose-annotations>`_                                                  |
+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **Value Type**  | string                                                                                    |
+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **Example**     | ``Internal``                                                                              |
+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| **Description** |                                                                                           |
|                 |                                                                                           |

> |                 |                                                                                           |

Reviewer: Out of words? :)

Attach metadata to the Service object through the `annotation https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/`_. ?
